Hourglass is a go. Secure
and clear the drop pad.
5.000 feet to proximity. On my Mark.
- Mark.
- Ten. nine…
- Titan at 4.000 feet.
- …Eight. seven.
- six. five…
- 3.000 feet.
- Terminate gamma simulators.
- …four. three. two. one.
Are you exploring far away?
That's hard to explain. Hiro…
…but I'll be back really soon.
Hey. did you ever manage
to get that Jeep out of third?
Go to hell.
Don't mind if I do.
Control. this is hourglass primary.
Mission day. foxtrot.
Transmitting in the blind.
I buried Burke today.
I'm gonna scout higher ground.
See if I can't get a signal there.
Control. hourglass primary.
Mission day. Oscar. Rations are gone.
I finished the last yesterday.
Hoping I can catch my dinner.
If not. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Did you catch that? Did you see it?
What… what was that?
Catch what?
My instruments are reading
something. but it doesn't make sense.
Who cares? That was great.
I don't even know what
we just did. do you?
It's picking up an anomaly.
I don't know if it's a titan.
What?
Control. do you read me? Over.
Who is… who is this?
Who am I talking to?
Over.
Who is this?
Who am I speaking to?
My god. Thank god.
Thank god.
This is major Leland Lafayette
Shaw III. My crew is dead.
My vehicle is damaged.
My food has run out.
Control. I need an extraction.
What's happening. zook?
The device is sending
a signal as I posited.
It was supposed to bounce
around until it found a titan.
Instead it seems to have picked up
the hourglass expedition frequency
when monarch thought
they had lost you in the rift.
That was… that was 1962. How is that...
as you discovered yourself.
time is relative in there.
Control. please respond. I
repeat. this is hourglass primary.
Talk to him.
Talk to him. Lee.
What did you most want to hear?
Hourglass. this is control.
We thought we'd lost you guys.
You did.
You did for the most part.
But my god. it's good to hear somebody.
Is Billy randa there?
Can I talk to bill randa?
Can I speak with bill?
He's trying to reestablish
contact with you.
We'll get word to him as soon as we can.
You guys working on a
plan to get me out of here or…
- We're working on that. major.
- Okay.
But I can guarantee you one
thing. you are gonna make it home.
You sound pretty sure of that.
I've never been more
sure of anything in my life.
Cate!
Come look at this.
What did you find?
Double pupil.
The resonant frequency of the titan song
creates an overlapping
pattern in the waveform.
How does that make sense?
Maybe it doesn't.
Maybe I'm just feeling these
vibrations and interpreting it as "lost."
Maybe I'm just lost and I'm projecting.
Sorry.
You're the only one I can talk
to about this without feeling…
Completely unhinged.
Cate. you are not unhinged.
The Sonic frequency
you are hearing is real.
The titan is clearly off its migratory map.
and no one can find it.
So however you got
to this feeling. I think…
I think you're right.
It's lost.
But you could be the key to finding
it and sending it back to axis mundi.
Well. if it's lost. it could be anywhere.
It could be in the middle
of the Atlantic by now.
The vibrations I felt by the dock…
They were definitely less
intense than on Santa soledad.
What if it's getting
further and further away?
But you felt it here.
Billy found a site in Japan.
It's not on the migratory route.
but he marked it as "notable."
And notable how?
It was cursed.
Here. "Local legend spoke of women
becoming possessed with a Yokai.
a demon who would lure
his victims into the darkness."
I found these photos…
Yes.
Look at these photos from the village.
Who are they?
This woman said the demon's
voice was a deep-throated vibration.
Right. So Billy thought
the demon was the titan?
He thought it was a distinct possibility.
If these women were able to
interpret what the song was telling them.
this connection could
help us find the titan
before Lee has a chance to destroy it.
You decent?
That depends on the
definition of the word.
Well. you fit most definitions.
I'm sorry about last night.
I shouldn't have done that.
No. You didn't. I… we did.
We have history. It happens. It's… cool.
You going on a trip?
Yep.
I need to get out of here.
Yeah. I get that.
Where are you going?
Thailand.
That's nice.
You going by yourself?
I got an invitation.
Invitation from who?
Just someone I met.
It's no big deal.
Okay. when you say
that it's not a big deal.
it sounds like a big deal.
Why does everyone
need to know my business?
I met someone. and I'm taking a trip.
Do I need your permission?
No. I…
I did not say that.
I'm just tired of everyone
telling me what to do.
What… what's right. what's wrong.
What my obligations are
to my family. to monarch.
To saving the world.
It's my life.
Okay.
Excuse me.
Corah Mateo?
I'm sorry.
Who?
Come on. Let's go.
Zook. I lost him. Can you get him back?
Hourglass primary. Do you copy?
Hourglass primary. This is
control. How do you read?
Come on. zook. fix it.
I know you got a couple
of miracles left in you.
It's not a miracle. It's physics.
Can you crank the power?
I could.
All right.
Come on.
Hourglass primary.
- do you copy...
- my god. yeah. Hey. yeah.
This is hourglass primary.
I copy. Do you read me?
Okay. Major. do you read me?
I read you. I read you. over.
I… thought I'd lost you.
No. I'm still here.
How are you holding up. soldier?
Better now. Better now.
So what's you guys'
plan to get me out of here?
We need to get a sitrep first.
Have you observed
any m.U.T.O. Activity?
Besides the activity
that killed my entire crew.
a centipede the size of subway cars.
Right.
Right. and how about Godzilla?
Godzilla?
Sorry… no.
- Why?
- This is important.
You haven't seen any sign of Godzilla?
No. Why is that important?
How is that gonna get me home?
Stand by. major.
That's right.
Godzilla wasn't there when
I was there the first time.
- Lee. are you sure that you reme...
- okay. Okay.
Okay. stop. New plan.
We don't know where that titan is now.
But I think I know where it was then.
Zook. is there some way we
can put a tracker on that titan?
There was a radio in
the entry vehicle that…
- Yeah. maybe I can.
- Control. are you still there?
Do you read me?
All right. we'd like you to return
to the entry vehicle now. okay?
Let me know when you're inside the pod.
Sorry. Return to the entry vehicle?
You got it.
Roger that.
Kick!
Round one. Okay. Round two. Yeah.
One! One!
One. two!
You made it.
- I did.
- I'll show you around.
You want something to drink?
Sure.
Thank you.
Welcome to Thailand.
- So you live here?
- Most of the time. yeah.
It was one of my father's pet
projects to save the rainforest here.
But he got bored with it pretty
quickly. much like our relationship.
and he gave me the
house for my 21st birthday.
My dad got me headphones.
I'm sorry about your father.
- Is that the company line?
- I wouldn't know.
I don't really have anything to do with
the company or anything my father does.
Must be nice. Not having to care.
It's not exactly that simple.
Okay.
All right. I got the circuit board out.
Copy that.
Dr. Suzuki is going to take you
through the rest of the assembly process.
Zook. Zook?
He's there with you?
Yes. Lee. I'm here.
My god. It's so good to hear your voice.
You sound a little rough.
you know. You okay?
Kansas does not agree
with my hay fever. and I…
Our signal is traveling through a rift.
And there is bound to be some distortion.
I guess…I guess there would be…
I guess that makes sense. yeah.
Okay. Take the anodes from the
integrated circuit you just removed.
Okay.
And then connect them to the
green wires of the gyroscope
from the attitude indicator.
Okay. the an... start with the
anodes. The anodes are the…
Are the golden pill-looking things. yeah?
- Yes. Yes.
- Okay. So…
Hey. can you tell me how this
tech's gonna get me out of here
or is that classified too?
Major. you need a titan to open a rift.
so we're trying to find you a ride home.
Yeah. but why risk putting a
tracker on it? I don't understand that.
This whole mission was a risk.
And it's what we
expect you to do. soldier.
Okay. Understood.
Defense and discovery.
- Hi.
- What the hell?
We're sending goons after
people now. with no explanation?
Are we not friends?
Did we not eat noodles?
Friends?
I don't know if you remember
this. but we made a plan together
and then you disappeared.
Next thing I know you're standing
side by side with Brenda Holland. friend.
Yeah. I did what I said I was going
to do. I was gathering information.
No. You were actively participating!
Do you have any idea
what is happening right now?
All we've got is a piece of titan x
with your device still attached to it.
We are in a crisis.
This is serious shit.
Titan x is on the loose
and it killed Hiroshi.
I don't want it to kill anyone else.
Do you think that I do?
I do not.
That is why you are here.
We have a theory that your device
threw titan x off its migratory route
and into a rampage. God knows where.
It's not my device. It's apex's.
So you should ask apex cybernetics.
Well. we have.
And Walter Simmons is shocked
that a couple of bad actors
would engage in an unauthorized
and reckless operation.
They have vowed full transparency.
Now Holland's playing ball.
but she's being a little cagey.
- Yeah. of course she is.
- Of course she is.
So add to the fact that trissop's
gone awol. that leaves you.
Help us figure out what it did.
what your code did to titan x.
Maybe you can help us stop it.
I'm gonna need one of them suits.
I have a sister too.
- What?
- Yeah.
After the world's best ivf doctors
failed my mom and dad they adopted me.
And then one year later…
My sister Maia.
Miracle baby.
And then suddenly it was. "Isabel who?"
Is that what it was like for you with Cate?
You work for years and
years with your father.
and then all of a sudden.
Cate pops out of axis
mundi and it's. "kentaro who?"
I hate apex just as much
as you hate monarch.
They all want to change the world.
I want to create a new
one. but I can't do it alone.
What about you. kentaro?
What do you want?
So why this specific titan anyway?
Are you gonna be picky now?
You sound like me.
We know this one's big enough
to open a rift to get you out.
How?
How do you know that? How
do you know what's down here?
Well. you know. Dr. Suzuki.
he's a real sorcerer.
He managed to detect that titan
signature close to your landing point.
Who are you?
You said you were classified
with operation hourglass.
I know the whole team up there.
Now you can't find Billy.
you've got me trying to tag a titan.
and I don't even know
your name. So who are you?
Fair enough. major.
You may call me colonel.
Yeah.
I came on board late.
Part of the team that's
trying to clean up this mess.
Yeah. I guess I should be grateful. sir.
Okay. so. well. then why
don't you tell me about yourself?
Let's try and keep the connection open.
All right. What would you like to know?
Let me start with… what about
family? You have a family?
I never married. but…
Recently I came across some
kids that thought they'd lost their dad.
That kinda feels like family now.
I got a similar situation. I got a…
There's a boy up topside. I
was good friends with his mom.
Told him I… I'd be back.
Made him a promise.
So don't make a liar out of me. colonel.
Not on your life.
All right. Okay. Hang on.
What the hell's that?
- Major. what's happening?
- No. no. no.
It's… smells… smells
like an electrical fire but…
Run!
Run now!
Major. are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm banged up pretty good.
But nothing… nothing that won't heal.
Wait a second.
Holy shit.
Control. you're not gonna
believe what I'm looking at.
Some kind of encampment.
There's a camp.
I don't know what it is.
How could somebody
be in a camp down here?
- Major. this is a direct order.
- My god.
You step away from that
camp and stay on this mission.
Keiko.
Keiko?
Keiko!
Kei!
What does it say?
Well. if I'm reading Billy's
handwriting correctly.
there should be a path
that leads to the rings of...
- there!
- What?
- Were you in love with him?
- With Billy?
Shaw.
No. It wasn't like that with us.
Okay.
It was…
What does it mean?
Do not enter.
How do we get in?
There's got to be a way around.
Or that.
What are these?
Markers. For graves.
That must be it. The place where
the women felt the vibrations.
Keiko!
Kei! Keiko!
- You need to slow down. son.
- Slow down? Slow down.
She's alive and she's down here.
I know. but this is complicated.
What do you mean you know?
What aren't you telling me?
A hell of a lot. son.
And you're not mission control. are you?
No. I am not. But that doesn't matter.
Only one thing does.
- Protecting her at all costs.
- My god. You do sound like me.
Say that again. Lee.
What?
Now say that again.
I said you do…
Sound like… me.
My god.
Don't… don't panic. Lee.
I'm losing my mind.
Don't panic.
Who are you?
I am your older self.
I am you.
Ask me anything.
If you're not just in my head.
if you're me. if you're really me…
You know how important she is.
She was my mission.
And I was supposed to
protect her. But more than that…
You love her. I know.
No. I never said that. I never said that.
- I never said that. I never said...
- no. No. Never aloud… never aloud…
But I was always very
careful. Even in my own head.
I carry your scars. Lee.
All of them.
Keiko was the most painful.
But that moment has passed. Lee.
If she's really alive. it doesn't have to be.
Yes. it does.
She said. "in another
lifetime. in another world.
we could be together."
No. if she's alive I can change it.
I'm gonna change it.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. Wait. wait.
- Yeah.
Stop. stop. Lee. don't move. Stand by.
Stand by.
What if I change it?
Lee. you know better.
Do I?
Do you?
If you let him go to her now.
you very well may change her future.
It will no longer be set.
And anything could happen.
It wasn't my decision to make now.
It was mine then.
I see her.
Give me one good reason why
I shouldn't go to her right now.
I'll give you three.
One. she does not need
to be saved right now.
Yeah. I know… I
appreciate that she's tough.
That's a nice sentiment.
but I swore to protect her.
Protect her. Yes. Even from myself.
Do you really wanna take the
chance that by interfering now.
you could throw her off the
path from actually being saved?
You don't know what would
happen if I stepped in right now.
You don't know that.
No. I don't.
But I know exactly what
will happen if you don't.
In the near future you will rescue her.
and she will live a life that you
thought you were responsible for losing.
What's behind door number two?
That's better.
Those kids that came into my life?
They're Hiro's kids.
You like them. Lee.
You will like them.
But if Keiko comes out early
we really don't know how seriously
that could change everything.
And the third?
This will be the hardest of all.
Because this is the
moment we let her go.
Yeah. To save her.
Do nothing. Lee.
Just watch.
A rope.
It communicates through water.
This is a well.
I think the others went down
here and heard the titan's call.
Well. you're not going in there. Cate.
Cate. stop. It's not safe.
I'll be fine. I'm lighter.
- You can pull me up if anything happens.
- Yeah.
That's exactly what I said…
In Kazakhstan.
And I regret that mistake every
day. ever since. So please. no.
That wasn't a mistake.
It wasn't a mistake.
What else were you supposed to do?
You had to find the
answers just like I have to.
Sometimes what haunts
us is what keeps us safe.
I trust you. Cate. Go
find what's down there.
All right.
So. what have you all figured out so far?
Okay. so. the device taps
into the nervous system
and manipulates the signals.
Well. it's not to manipulate.
It's to understand.
Brenda's idea was to
send rapid-fire signals
to the brain and back until
we learned the language.
By the way. I wanted to say thank you…
For making sure that I
came out of this clean.
Don't thank me. Thank Brenda.
For what?
I can let you read the
transcript of her monarch debrief.
Not only does she
not mention your name.
but she dances quite nimbly to
make sure that nobody knows it.
I don't know why she would do that.
One mystery at a time. I guess.
Do you want to play
the license plate game?
What?
It's a two-hour ride to the airport.
I'm just trying to make it less awkward.
- I didn't ask you to ride along.
- I know.
But I figured this way I have two
hours to convince you not to leave.
And stay through tomorrow as planned.
Why? Why do I matter to you?
Honestly. after what
happened with your father.
I thought you would understand.
Both of our families have been
dealing with the titan situation for years.
and it's only gotten worse.
I really believe it's time for new ideas.
Your ideas.
We've seen it work from the inside
out. We are just as qualified as anyone.
and do we not have
just as much at stake?
I get it. You're rich.
- You're used to getting what you want.
- This has nothing to do with money.
Say the people with all the money.
My dad has the money. okay?
Everything I have I've put at risk for this.
If we are not successful. I have nothing.
"We"?
Do you remember what we talked
about the night we met in Tokyo?
How it's been four years since
g-day and still nothing has changed?
Monarch has not made us any
safer. neither has the military.
the corporations. or even my father.
Nothing can keep us safe now.
Exactly. Nothing can keep us safe now.
G-day changed the world overnight.
but what if it didn't have to?
What if we could live in a
world where there was no g-day?
That's crazy.
I mean. you know axis mundi.
You know the rules of what's
crazy don't necessarily apply.
What are you talking about?
I don't know that I
want to tell you anymore.
unless I know that you're with me.
Let me ask you something.
Why do you think your
father let you in on his secret…
About where he'd been?
Kampai.
Not Cate. Not anybody else. You.
Maybe because he wanted
you to make a choice for yourself
without giving a shit
what anyone else thought.
Just like he did.
- Does that feel all right?
- It's perfect.
Okay.
- And as soon as you feel unsafe…
- I'll yell loud.
Be careful. I can't lose you too.
I was just thinking. if I
were to do this with anyone…
I'm glad it's you.
Ready?
Ready.
Okay.
Keep moving. Straight ahead.
Okay. How far am I?
Not far. You're almost
there. Twelve o'clock.
How do you know this?
Because I saw it the last time I was
down there when we got her back.
I think I see something.
A large. like. mass of land
about a half a klick ahead.
- Looks like a wasp's nest from hell.
- Wasp's nest from hell?
Yeah. that's the spot. Now
keep your head on a swivel
because it's about to get rough.
What the hell?
My god.
- Little more rope.
- Okay.
Cate!
Let me know when you find
it. I'll let you know where to go.
Okay. I see it. I see it. It's big.
All right. He's behind
that. Now go to the rock.
He's cocooned into that rock.
It's like a shell.
You break through and you'll
find it right on the other side.
Hack into that rock.
- Right here?
- All right. Now just hack into it.
Okay.
Wait. Wait. If I start
hammering is it gonna wake up?
I think it's in like a…
like… like a cocoon state? Like dormant?
Like a sleeping shark.
Okay. well. this feels
really stupid. but here we go.
All right. all right. All right. I see his skin.
- It looks like it's breathing.
- All right.
Wow. All right.
Okay. so…
All right. Now… now put
the tracking device in.
- I'm gonna jam it in.
- Yeah. just jam it in.
All right. There. Okay. It's in.
- I got it in.
- Says it's in.
Yeah.
There it is!
We got a signal. We got it.
We're good. mission. My god.
- Shit. Shit.
- But be careful.
Yeah.
It's coming out.
Shit. God.
Cate!
Cate! Cate!
Can you hear me?
Yes!
Are you okay?
I'm okay! I know what the
women were hearing down here.
It's amplifying the titan's song.
There's a tunnel.
I think it might lead to the ocean.
Okay.
I'm gonna follow it.
Be careful.
Can you hear me?
Yeah. I can hear you.
It's just you're… shit.
You're more distant.
Okay. listen to me now. You
need to get back to the entry vehicle.
There's a big. forked tree
nearby. I know you've seen it.
Okay. Why there?
Because that's where Billy's
dragon will come for you.
You hold your own. you… through
the rift. When it opens. you ride it out.
Okay.
And you're sure that will get me home?
You're sure?
Lee. I'm positive.
You're a good man. major.
Don't forget that. Try hard
not to. It won't be easy.
Take care of her. okay?
And Hiroshi's kids too.
We're losing our connection. aren't we?
Yeah.
Time for you to go.
Hello?
Cate!
Cate?
- Cate!
- Hey.
My god. You scared me.
How did you come back?
It's a series of tunnels. One of
them led me back up and around.
Now I know how it feels.
For a moment. I really
thought that well was haunted.
I don't think so.
It felt different down there.
Everything was just so much clearer.
I think the women sensed the titan song.
and they went down
the well to listen to it.
Which would have been
interpreted as madness.
Exactly. I don't think the titan's lost.
I don't think it's dangerous.
I think it just needs our help.
Taxi's here. zook.
- Yeah.
- Is that it?
Yes. the signal is strong.
It's heading towards Australia.
Okay.
Are you sure you want to do this?
Well. the plan wasn't altered. zook.
What happens next was
always gonna happen.
So. where does destiny take us now?
Not us. zook.
Just me.
You think I'm too old to
play shotgun on this mission?
Far from it. zook.
But I'm afraid this next
part is a one-man job.
You're worried this 100-year-old
relic might not make it back?
You think you might not make it back.
Goodbye. old friend.
- What you got?
- Sir. we're picking up
an odd signal. H.G.0.1.
Hourglass one?
That's the original signal
for the very first entry vehicle
into axis mundi.
It's from 1962. Why?
It's live.
But that pod is nearly 60 years old
and was destroyed on skull island.
All right. Bring up the speed markers.
It's moving at over 40 knots.
G-tass is confirming it's titan x.
Well. sir. as promised there's your titan.
What the hell is it doing?